hello it's Ruby and today I have such an
exciting video so of course it is
currently September which is my personal
favorite month it's raining I've got a
pumpkin candle burning and perhaps most
importantly today is Hermione Granger's
birthday so to commemorate this occasion
Margot from Potter Ella and myself have
created a Hermione Granger tag I
strongly urge you to complete the tag
too and I nominate Evie from how to be
Evie and India from into 589 I have 15
questions here
Mogo type these up and sent them with me
so let's get started number one
impersonate your favorite miny Granger
quote you don't use your eyes do you
didn't you see what it was standing on
it was standing on a trapdoor which
means it wasn't their back sent its
guarding something
that's right now if you two don't mind
I'm going to bed before either of you
come up with another cover I did get us
killed or worse expelled I love that one
number two is Hermione your role model
if not who is yes Hermione is my role
model however I also look up to Emma
Watson and two other fictional
characters Isabelle from Hugo and Lisa
Simpson number three what is the best
thing you've learned from Hermione
Hermione taught me to embrace learning
for it for what it really is
an adventure and incredible adventure
and she has helped me in my
determination to achieve within school
and also has inspired me to read more
what do you think about harmonious
relationship with Ron who do you ship
her with why now Margaret came up with
this question and I've got to say that
I'm not too keen on Hermione having a
relationship at all
and yes harem Ron do you make quite a
sweet couple I guess but I think my knee
would have suited whee
it would have been better for my knee to
be have been by herself and to not have
got married at all I think it would have
been nice for her to just focus on her
career though I do respect JK Rowling's
decision number five in which book and
film is my knee your favorite hermione
is my favorite in the Prisoner of
Azkaban book but she is my favorite in
the Philosopher's Stone film all the
chamber of secrets number six
memorize passage or sentence from a
nonfiction book and try to recite it by
combining so I've chosen my second
addition linguistics and introduction by
William B McGregor and I will be
learning this passage on page 160 so
just give me a second
please sir in dialectology the study of
dialect it is standard practice to use
ISO glosses to mark on the boundaries oh
my gosh it is common practice to use
isoglosses
lines drawn on the map to mark the
boundaries of regions in which a
particular feature is found whether this
be a characteristic of pronunciation a
grammatical feature or whatever okay
question number seven pick your favorite
Harry Potter book and recycle seven I am
I&E says I have Harry Potter and the
Prisoner of Azkaban here but now I've
just got to see whether I can find
seventh line of Hermione um okay so she
was she and Ernie he called him yes okay
wait what about Hermione that's one two
three that reminds me
you left a rap tonic and stop worrying
Creek shops will be sleeping in my
dormitory and scammers and yours what's
the problem
poor Crookshanks a twitch said she had
been in there for ages no one wanted him
number Apes favourite piece of Hermione
merchandise have you ever made one
yourself
I made a speedy badge myself that's the
only thing I made myself but my
favourite piece of official Hermione
Granger merchandise is Ventana
I'm actually gonna put this on now
number nine what is your favourite
outfit Hermione wears try to recreate it
oh yeah I have tried to recreate it I
have got this Bramley kilt with some
braces and a turtleneck
are there any Hermione Granger phrases
that you regularly use yes
there must be i say holy cricket quite a
stop stop stop
I actually do that so much 11c how many
books you can carry it once after all
Hermione
oh it has an alpha
books okay we are going to venture over
to my bookcase here we are at my
bookcase and I'm going to be touching to
carry as many books as I can okay let's
just
I'm sorry books they're all in the wrong
order I managed to carry 35 books number
12 what object in your room with her
mine you bring to Hogwarts actually we
bring this delightful quill and globe
holder that Ruby got for me now 13 try
to make an edit about Hermione's couch
without using pictures of Emma Watson I
will do that but I'm not going to do
that right the second but I will insert
a picture of my edit somewhere on the
screen number 14 is to run up and down
your street and I actually ended up
doing this twice and then after that
demonstrate your favorite gymnastics or
yoga move so I did a front wallpaper the
fifteenth question is to send a picture
of the golden trio to your best friends
to show them how much they mean to you
in the spring of 2009 I remember my
parents sitting me down in the living
room and playing Harry Potter in the
Philosopher's Stone at this point I was
terrified of Harry Potter and so I
remember being somewhat angry with them
for making me watch it however the
second that Emma Watson appeared on
screen my previous Voldemort fears were
abashed and I connected with a character
that could not have been more similar to
myself Hermione helps me through lonely
play times in the playground and
encouraged me to achieve my best at
school she taught me the importance of
friendship and she never fails and
reminding me of the most important
things in life friends family and
studying